STAC-23211: Document stackpack downgrade process (#370)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/stackpacks/about-stackpacks.adoc

. Before you upgrade, export each customized item:
 ** Go to the *Settings* page in the SUSE Observability UI.
 ** Click *Export* in the *...* menu for each customized item.
. Upgrade the StackPack (uninstall and reinstall).
. Change the `name` and `identifier` for each exported item:
 ** Open the export file in a text editor.
 ** Edit the top-level `name` and `identifier` fields.
 ** Save the export.
. xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/configuration_backup.adoc#_import_configuration[Import] the updated export file(s).
. The customized configuration items will now be available in SUSE Observability and can be copied to the newly installed StackPack configuration items.

====

== Downgrade a StackPack

> If a newer StackPack version does not behave as expected, you can go back to an older version. Downgrading is done with the xref:/setup/cli/cli-sts.adoc[SUSE Observability CLI (`sts`)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a newer StackPack version does not behave as expected, you can downgrade to an older version with the xref:/setup/cli/cli-sts.adoc[SUSE Observability CLI (`sts`)].
```

=== Downgrade a v2 StackPack

For StackPacks that use the v2 packaging format, downgrade all installed instances to an older version with the `sts stackpack downgrade` command:

[source,bash]
----
sts stackpack downgrade --name <stackpack-name> --stackpack-version <older-version>
----

The target version must be *lower* than the currently installed version. Wait for the downgrade to complete with the `--wait` flag:

[source,bash]
----
sts stackpack downgrade --name <stackpack-name> --stackpack-version <older-version> --wait
----

[NOTE]
====
The downgrade is rejected if:

* The requested version does not exist. Use `sts stackpack list-versions --name <stackpack-name>` to see the available versions.
* The requested version is not lower than the currently installed version.
* The requested version is a v1 StackPack. In that case, downgrade using the uninstall and reinstall procedure below.
====

=== Downgrade a v1 StackPack

StackPacks that use the v1 packaging format cannot be downgraded in place. To go back to an older version of a v1 StackPack:

. xref:/stackpacks/about-stackpacks.adoc#_install_or_uninstall_a_stackpack[Uninstall] the StackPack.

> . Uninstall the all instances of the stackpack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Uninstall all instances of the stackpack:
```
